["Biology has entered into an exciting new era in which phenomena that once seemed insoluble mysteries&mdash;such as embryonic development, the functions of the brain, and the dynamics of ecosystems&mdash;are now yielding their secrets as the technology to study them becomes more and more sophisticated. From molecular biology, with its potential to revolutionize medicine and agriculture, to ecology, with its lessons for the sustainable management of the environment, biologists are fully engaged in meeting the challenges of the future, helping to improve the quality of human life and to preserve habitats and biodiversity. Thus, it is no surprise that biology is at the heart of many of today&rsquo;s most pressing intellectual and social concerns. The Biology B.S. degree program gives students a rigorous education in modern biology, while allowing a student the opportunity to select from a wide array of upper-division elective courses offered by the departments of Molecular, Cell, and Developmental Biology and Ecology and Evolutionary Biology. With proper advance planning, a student with virtually any degree can prepare a competitive application for medical school or health care professional school. &nbsp;Check the&nbsp;<a href=\"https://mcd.ucsc.edu/academics/undergraduate/health-careers.html\" target=\"_blank\">Health Careers webpage</a> for more information on how you can academically prepare for a career in health care. &nbsp;Additional information is available at the&nbsp;<a href=\"https://careers.ucsc.edu/health/\" target=\"_blank\">UCSC Career Center</a>.", "The agroecology major provides&nbsp;ecological concepts that can be applied to the development of sustainable agricultural systems. Students will develop their understanding of social, political, and economic aspects of agriculture . Students will also engage in hands-on experiences, and obtain skills in research, fieldwork, production, and communication in order to achieve multiple sustainability goals in complex, social-ecological food systems.<br />\n<br />\nStudents interested in the available concentrations should choose to pursue the environmental studies bachelor of arts (B.A.) degree.&nbsp;", "The business management economics major provides students who are interested in careers in business or management with a foundation in economics and a selection of applied fields related to business management. This course of study prepares students for entrance into the business world or admission to graduate programs&mdash;either the master&rsquo;s program in applied economics and finance at UCSC or graduate programs in business and management at other universities.", "The biomolecular engineering and bioinformatics major includes the biomolecular engineering (BME) and bioinformatics (BINF) concentrations. The BME concentration is designed for students interested in protein engineering, stem cell engineering, and synthetic biology. The emphasis is on designing biomolecules (DNA, RNA, proteins) and cells for particular functions, and the underlying sciences are biochemistry and cell biology.", "The molecular, cell, and developmental (MCD) biology major is designed to prepare students for rigorous graduate programs in biomedical research, medical and other healthcare professional programs, for careers in the biotechnology industry. This major is more structured than the general biology major and requires that students pay careful attention to the prerequisites required for upper-division biology courses. With proper advance planning, a student with virtually any degree can prepare a competitive application for medical school or healthcare professional school. Check our&nbsp;<a href=\"https://mcd.ucsc.edu/academics/undergraduate/health-careers.html\" target=\"_blank\">Health Careers webpage</a> for more information on how you can academically prepare for a career in healthcare. Additional information is available at the&nbsp;<a href=\"https://careers.ucsc.edu/health/\" target=\"_blank\">UC Santa Cruz Career Center</a>.", "The B.M. degree is for students who aspire to academic excellence and an advanced performance level. The B.M. degree is designed for exceptionally talented performers.&nbsp;It requires considerably more performance credits and slightly fewer courses in theoretical disciplines. B.M. students will major in an instrument or voice.", "The mathematics program provides an excellent liberal arts background from which to pursue a variety of career opportunities. UCSC graduates with degrees in mathematics hold teaching posts at all levels, as well as positions in law, government, civil service, insurance, software development, business, banking, actuarial science, forensics, and other professions where skills in logic, numerical analysis, and computing are required. In particular, students of mathematics are trained in the art of problem-solving, an essential skill in all professions.", "The UC Santa Cruz B.A. in network and digital technology provides students with in-depth knowledge of the underlying structure and function of network and computer technology and the design processes that make those technologies function. The program is tailored to students who wish to combine technology with other fields or have a general focus on digital design or computer networks. The B.A. in network and digital technology is not an engineering degree, but B.A. graduates will be prepared to work with technology development in other capacities, or join the computer network workforce. Students interested in graduate study should pursue a B.S. program.", "Students interested in an interdisciplinary approach to Italian culture through the combined study of language, literature, history, art history, and other subjects may pursue a major in Italian studies. A <a rel=\"noopener noreferrer\" href=\"https://italianstudies.ucsc.edu/academics/italian-studies-checklist-major.pdf\" target=\"_blank\">detailed checklist</a> for the major is available on the <a rel=\"noopener noreferrer\" href=\"https://italianstudies.ucsc.edu/academics/index.html\" target=\"_blank\">Italian studies program web site</a>.", "Global economics is an economics major focusing on global issues with an interdisciplinary element. It is designed to prepare students to understand and participate in the global economy; the program aims to deepen the student&rsquo;s knowledge of economics within a culturally and linguistically diverse world. The major is particularly useful to students contemplating careers at home or overseas in international relations, in international business, or with international organizations. Hence the major requires overseas study, regional area study, and second-language proficiency in addition to the basic economics requirements and additional emphasis in international economics.", "The Art Department offers an integrated program of study in theory and practice exploring the power of visual communication for personal expression and public interaction. The department provides students with the means to pursue this exploration through courses that provide the practical hands-on learning skills for art production in a variety of media within the contexts of critical thinking and broad-based social perspectives.", "History is about the past, but it is also about understanding the world we live in today. Our faculty seek to understand and help you understand how the challenges that confront us today like economic inequality, environmental degradation, and racism, developed and changed over time. We also explore the patterns of social movements and political transformation that help us understand how people change the world.", "The mathematics program provides an excellent liberal arts background from which to pursue a variety of career opportunities. UCSC graduates with degrees in mathematics hold teaching posts at all levels, as well as positions in law, government, civil service, insurance, software development, business, banking, actuarial science, forensics, and other professions where skills in logic, numerical analysis, and computing are required. In particular, students of mathematics are trained in the art of problem-solving, an essential skill in all professions.", "The ecology and evolution major focuses on general topics that are not specific to taxonomic group or habitat. As such it provides students with interdisciplinary skills necessary for understanding and solving complex problems in ecology, evolution, behavior, and physiology. All of these disciplines address questions on larger spatial and temporal scales that can be applied to important environmental problems, including genetic and ecological aspects of conservation biology and biodiversity.", "The general biology bachelor of arts major permits flexibility, but demands careful attention to a student&rsquo;s own interests and plans. Each student should select courses on the basis of up-to-date information in consultation with an Ecology and Evolutionary Biology (EEB) Department adviser or&nbsp;faculty adviser whose interests reflect the student&rsquo;s interests.&nbsp;A hallmark of the major is the many field courses that introduce students to a diversity of ecosystems and the skills to conduct field&nbsp;research. See the Ecology and Evolutionary Biology <a href=\"https://www.eeb.ucsc.edu/academics/undergrad/field-experience/index.html\" target=\"_blank\">undergraduate webpage</a> for more information on these courses.", "The Earth sciences/anthropology combined major is intended for students with interests in Earth sciences and the laboratory-based aspect of anthropology. These include anthropology students interested in archaeology or paleoanthropology who desire more intensive training in natural sciences and Earth sciences students interested in paleobiology or archaeology. The combined major provides a rigorous training in both anthropology and Earth sciences and will permit students to enter graduate programs in Earth sciences, archaeology, or paleoanthropology. The combined major has a significantly different set of cognate science and required lower- and upper-division courses than the standard major; therefore, students are advised to plan carefully and to contact academic advisers in the Earth and Planetary Sciences and Anthropology departments early if they have questions.", "Applied linguistics is an interdisciplinary field that seeks to understand how languages are learned (first and second language acquisition), how more than one language is represented and accessed in the mind of the individual (bilingualism), the ways in which language and society intersect (sociolinguistics), how people from different cultural and linguistic backgrounds interact (intercultural communication), and methods and principles of language teaching (pedagogy).", "This major provides students with the basic tools of economic analysis and an understanding of the mechanics of resource production, conservation, and use, in both ecological and economic terms.", "Neuroscience, the study of the nervous system and behavior of animals, is a frontier area in biology, touching psychology on the one hand and computer science on the other. The neuroscience major provides students with rigorous preparation for graduate studies and research in the field of neuroscience. With proper advance planning, a student with virtually any degree can prepare a competitive application for medical school or health care professional school.&nbsp; Check our&nbsp;<a href=\"https://mcd.ucsc.edu/academics/undergraduate/health-careers.html\" target=\"_blank\">Health Careers webpage</a> for more information on how you can academically prepare for a career in healthcare. Additional information is available at the&nbsp;<a href=\"https://careers.ucsc.edu/health/\" target=\"_blank\">UC Santa Cruz Career Center</a>.", "Language studies is an interdisciplinary major offered by the Linguistics Department. It is designed to equip students with advanced competence in a foreign language and, at the same time, provide them with an understanding of the general nature of human language&mdash;its structure and use. The major also provides an opportunity to explore the culture or cultures connected with the language of concentration. The cultural context electives may include courses in art, history, literature or politics. Currently, majors may choose a concentration in Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, or Spanish. Interested students should contact the Linguistics Department office early in their college careers to obtain essential information about requirements. The requirements for the major may also be found in the <strong>Requirements and Planners tab</strong>.", "The bachelor of science (B.S.) program is designed for students who intend to pursue professional careers in Earth and planetary sciences, engineering, policy, law, teaching, or business or who otherwise desire the broad, quantitative training available at UC Santa Cruz. In addition to providing comprehensive preparation in the basic physical sciences, and particular breadth and depth in Earth and planetary sciences, the curriculum is structured to prepare students for the competitive graduate school and career marketplace.", "The interdisciplinary program in Jewish studies introduces students to the study of classical, medieval, and modern Jewish cultures and to the range of disciplines that bear upon the field.", "This course of study provides students with the basic tools of biological science and sufficient understanding of resource conservation, conservation biology, and concerns about environmental sustainability to apply these tools to environmental problems.", "Students in the general film and digital media major develop an understanding of major movements in world cinema and different aesthetic approaches to the medium, while studying the cultural impact of television and the rise of video and digital art in recent decades.", "The environmental studies major provides an interdisciplinary approach to learning how to move toward a more sustainable future for human and ecological systems. Courses in environmental studies provide training not only in the physical, biological, and social sciences, but also in writing, critical thinking, quantitative analysis, project and team management, and more. Most students extend their learning outside the classroom through the departmental internship program.", "Philosophy investigates fundamental questions about the most basic facets of human thought and life, e.g., concerning knowledge and belief (epistemology), the nature of reality (metaphysics), and morality and aesthetics (value theory). Such questions can be studied by looking at answers that contemporary philosophers propose, by investigating the principles that other disciplines use to legitimate claims, or by learning how, historically, philosophers approached these issues. In this respect, &ldquo;philosophy&rdquo; names not only a historically defined subject matter, but also inquiry into any of the fundamental determinants of rational thought. Thus, students of philosophy can pursue a broad range of topics of the greatest historical, intellectual, social, political, and personal interest.", "The marine biology major is designed to introduce students to the great diversity of marine organisms and the biological and physical processes that affect these organisms, their populations, and their coastal and oceanic ecosystems. Curricular emphasis is on basic principles that help in understanding the processes that shape life in marine environments. The Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology (EEB) is located on UC Santa Cruz&rsquo;s Coastal Science Campus (CSC). CSC is situated on Monterey Bay and its great diversity of coastal marine ecosystems, nature reserves, and state, federal, and private marine research institutions and management agencies. Both the National Marine Fisheries Service and the California Department of Fish and Game have laboratories located on the CSC, providing students with research and internship opportunities. Long Marine Laboratory on the CSC provides logistical support including diving and boating facilities, running seawater systems, and marine mammal facilities. Descriptions of nearby environments, institutions, and facilities are available through the <a href=\"https://www.eeb.ucsc.edu/\" rel=\"noopener noreferrer\" target=\"_blank\">EEB&nbsp;Department website</a>.These resources, combined with computing and analytical facilities on main campus and the CSC, make for exceptional opportunities for the study of marine biology and its application to coastal conservation and management. Students can readily engage in basic and applied (e.g., fisheries management) research from estuaries to the deep sea, and plankton to whales.&nbsp;", "", "The bachelor of science (B.S.) program is appropriate for students desiring a strong concentration in the core areas of computer science&mdash;algorithms, programming languages, and systems&mdash;with more courses in computer science, computer engineering, and computational media; this program also allows for a few electives outside of science and engineering.", "Legal Studies (LGST) is an interdisciplinary, liberal arts major focused on legal ideas, institutions, and issues in and beyond the U.S. Our courses introduce students to the integral roles of law in social life, including its complex relation to values and shifting views of justice, rights, liberty, equality, citizenship, and authority; to culture and social practices; and to historical, political, and economic forces and institutions.", "The Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology is intended for students who plan to be involved in the biotechnology industry as writers, artists, ethicists, executives, sales force, regulators, lawyers, politicians, and other roles that require an understanding of the technology, but not the intensive training needed for technicians, research scientists, engineers, and bioinformaticians. (For those more technical roles, the biomolecular engineering and bioinformatics major or the molecular, cell, and developmental biology major is recommended.)", "Critical race and ethnic studies (CRES) majors develop a deep understanding of how race and other modalities of power have structured human life and have informed the imagination of social transformation and justice in the past and the present. They study the historical production of race and ethnicity both in the United States and across the globe, and&nbsp;learn how the contours of race and racism have changed over time. Students analyze systems of racial and colonial violence&mdash;for example, racial capitalism, white supremacy, settler colonialism and imperialist war. They examine historical racial/ethnic ideologies such multiculturalism, colorblindness, and postracialism&nbsp;as well as contemporary social phenomena such as changing working conditions, new migration patterns and emergent cultural expressions.&nbsp;Students also explore the ways that race and ethnicity have developed in concert with gender, sexuality, class, indigeneity, citizenship, and other modalities of power and lived identity.", "The bachelor of arts (B.A.) program at UC Santa Cruz is designed to give students a solid grounding in both theoretical and practical topics in computer science, computer engineering, and mathematics while leaving flexibility for a broad program of study, including some courses outside of science and engineering, or even for a double major in another discipline.", "The B.S. major in human biology is designed for students interested in careers in healthcare or biomedical research. Medical and professional school admissions requirements vary; students should verify that their coursework will satisfy the admissions requirements of the programs to which they plan to apply. Students are required to take introductory biology and laboratory (<a class='sc-courselink' href='/en/Current/General-Catalog/Courses/BIOL-Biology-Molecular-Cell-and-Developmental/1-99/BIOL-20L'>BIOL 20L</a>), genetics, biochemistry, molecular biology, cell biology, human physiology with laboratory and additional courses directly relevant to human health. As a unique feature of this program, students must also fulfill Spanish-language and health-care internship requirements. With proper advance planning, a student with virtually any degree can prepare a competitive application for medical school or health care professional school. &nbsp;Check our <a href=\"https://mcd.ucsc.edu/academics/undergraduate/health-careers.html\" target=\"_blank\">Health Careers webpage</a> for more information on how you can academically prepare for a career in health care. &nbsp;Additional information is available at the&nbsp;<a href=\"https://careers.ucsc.edu/health/\" target=\"_blank\">UCSC Career Center</a>.", "undefined on term Introduction", "The Literature Department at UC Santa Cruz&nbsp;fosters innovative and comparative approaches to reading and interpretation in courses&nbsp; in a variety of languages that encompass traditional literary history, cross-cultural inquiry, current theoretical debates, and new media.", "The Mathematics Education Bachelor&rsquo;s of Arts (B.A.) is specially designed for prepare students for a career in K-12 mathematics education. It shares a rigorous approach to advanced mathematics, but requires coursework that is particularly relevant to the K-12 classroom: number theory, classical geometry, and the history of mathematics. In addition, the math education major requires experience in supervised teaching. Many math education majors also participate in CalTeach, to enhance their experience and directly connect with local schools.", "A degree in Latin American and Latino studies (LALS) trains students to be critical and analytical thinkers, to be active, engaged global citizens, and to be skilled strategic activists in making the world a more just place for all.&nbsp;An LALS bachelor of arts (B.A.) prepares students to learn from and work with people from a variety of cultures and perspectives, to understand the complexity of our current political, social, and cultural moment, and to use skills from many disciplines and fields.", "", "undefined on term Introduction", "Twenty-first century science educators must be able to help their students develop and apply a scientific perspective to a wide range of information. The science education major is designed to prepare future secondary science teachers in California with a broad background across the sciences&mdash;the physical sciences, life sciences, Earth sciences, and space sciences&mdash;with advanced specialization in two fields of science (chosen from physics, chemistry, biology, and Earth sciences). The major integrates education coursework and middle and high school classroom internships designed to develop skills and knowledge relevant to teaching K-12 students in the state of California. The major is mainly intended to prepare students for teacher certification programs and the California Subject Examinations for Teachers (CSET), so that they can teach science in California high schools.&nbsp;", "Applied mathematics is a field of research specializing in the development and application of analytical and numerical tools and techniques toward&nbsp;the solution of complex quantitative problems in science and engineering. A Bachelor of Science (B.S.)&nbsp;in Applied Mathematics prepares graduates for careers in the industry (usually in research and development) or academia (either in teaching and/or in research at university or governmental laboratories or agencies). It can be a terminal degree, or prepare students for graduate school in applied mathematics or related fields.", "Feminist studies is an interdisciplinary field of analysis in the humanities that investigates how relations of gender are embedded in social, political, and cultural formations. The undergraduate program in feminist studies provides students with a unique interdisciplinary and transnational perspective. The department emphasizes theories and practices derived from multiracial and multicultural contexts. Some topics you will find in our curriculum include: colonialism/postcolonialism; postsocialism; queer and trans theory; visual culture, legal studies; critical race theory; science and technology studies; and social movements.", "Founded in 1969, community studies is the oldest interdisciplinary program at UC Santa Cruz. The longstanding hallmarks of community studies are its focus on social justice and its distinctive pedagogy integrating classroom learning and extended field study. Community studies was a national pioneer in the field of experiential education and its civic engagement model has been emulated widely. Community studies was also a pioneer in addressing principles of social justice, specifically inequities arising from race, class and gender dynamics in society at large, and in critically assessing strategies for achieving social change.", "UC Santa Cruz has a strong program in the plant sciences (sometimes called botany). Resources that support the plant sciences major include state-of-the-art greenhouse facilities, natural ecosystems on the campus from coastal wetlands to redwood forests, the collections of the UCSC Arboretum, and the Center for Agroecology and Sustainable Food Systems (including the UC Santa Cruz Farm and Garden).&nbsp;A hallmark of the major is the many field courses that introduce students to a diversity of terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems and the skills to conduct field&nbsp;research. See the Ecology &amp; Evolutionary Biology <a rel=\"noopener noreferrer\" href=\"https://www.eeb.ucsc.edu/academics/undergrad/field-experience/index.html\" target=\"_blank\">undergraduate webpage</a> for more information on these courses.", "The bachelor of science major program is designed for students who intend to pursue a professional career in chemistry. It is rigorous and broadly based, appropriate for that purpose.", "The goal of this degree is to provide students a deep understanding of the technical aspects of computer game engineering and a broad background in the artistic, systemic, and production elements of game design and development. The core of the degree program is a strong grounding in computer science and computer engineering, preceded by a foundation in mathematics. Classes also develop skills in areas such as visual communication and team-oriented game production, while developing knowledge of topics such as game&nbsp;history, play experiences, game systems, and social and ethical issues. In their upper-division courses, students gain depth by taking electives in computational media and computer science and engineering, with options such as Game AI, Game Graphics and Real-Time Rendering, Mobile Applications, and Interactive Storytelling. A two-course interdisciplinary Game Development Experience&nbsp;and a yearlong interdisciplinary capstone Game Design Studio class allow students to develop substantial computer games and integrate materials from the rest of the program.", "The Art and Design: Games and Playable Media (AGPM) Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degree at UC Santa Cruz&nbsp;focuses on the creation of novel game systems, spaces, and configurations that can produce broad ranges of player experiences, for a wide variety of purposes. It does this through:", "The electrical engineering B.S. program is accredited by the Engineering Accreditation Commission of ABET, <a href=\"http://www.abet.org\" target=\"_blank\">http://www.abet.org</a>.", "undefined on term Introduction", "The study of politics is a critical part of a liberal arts education. Since political issues and practices are embedded in and reflective of the whole experience of a community, the study of politics can constitute the center of a broad-based course of study drawing on history, sociology, anthropology, philosophy, political science, economics, literature, science, and law.", "A combined degree in Latin American and Latino studies (LALS) and sociology allows students to&nbsp;focus on the methods and theories of the discipline of sociology within the broader&nbsp;interdisciplinary field of LALS.", "Technology and Information Management (TIM) is a rigorous, challenging major for those students wanting to pursue careers in the management of information and technology. TIM students will receive a thorough grounding in the fundamental principles and practices of technology (in particular, computer science and computer engineering) and management, and the scientific, mathematics, and economics principles upon which they are built. In particular, they will become proficient in the following areas: strategy, planning, innovation, entrepreneurship, information technology, software design, product development, and supply-chain management.", "This course of study provides students with the basic tools of Earth sciences and environmental studies needed to address environmental problems.", "The major in economics and mathematics is designed to meet the needs of undergraduate students who plan to pursue doctoral study in economics or business, or who wish to pursue a career as an actuary or other professional requiring a sophisticated understanding of economics and mathematics. The major combines the main undergraduate content of both economics and mathematics within a programmatic structure that joins the two disciplines. It provides a coursework combination required to prepare for an economics doctoral (Ph.D.) program, or for a group of technically demanding professional careers.", "Research at the macromolecular, molecular, and atomic levels is revolutionizing our understanding of the fundamental processes of life. Students interested in joining this search are best prepared by undertaking coursework in biology, chemistry, physics, mathematics, and computer science. The undergraduate major in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology (BMB) is offered by faculty who are actively engaged in research on biological systems.", "Economics studies how individuals, firms, governments, and other organizations within our society make choices, and how these choices affect the society&rsquo;s use of its available resources. Economists study a wide range of questions such as: How do individuals make decisions in the face of uncertainty? What are the causes of the Great Recession of 2009? Why do Europeans work fewer hours than Americans? Why have health care and education costs risen so much? What are the consequences of government deficits? Why has the gap between rich and poor in many countries risen? Why have some poor countries grown faster than many rich countries in recent years?", "", "The history of art and visual culture (HAVC) curriculum guides students in acquiring skill&nbsp;in critical thinking about art and visual culture, leading to a bachelor of arts (B.A.) degree. Each student who chooses to major&nbsp;in HAVC devises an individual study plan with the undergraduate adviser. The lower-division HAVC&nbsp;courses numbered 10-89, intended for general education students and prospective majors, provide an introduction to the field of visual culture according to geographic areas and visual traditions within those areas. Upper-division&nbsp;HAVC courses numbered 110-189 cover a broad range of issues in various aspects of world cultures from earliest times to the present. Advanced upper-division courses focus on selected fields, topics, and methods. The most advanced HAVC&nbsp;courses,&nbsp;numbered in the 190-191 series, are taught in seminar format. Students also have the opportunity to take independent study courses and write senior theses.", "undefined on term Introduction", "undefined on term Introduction", "undefined on term Introduction", "The UC Santa Cruz environmental sciences (ESCI) major is an interdepartmental, undergraduate-only program. The purpose of the ESCI major is to educate students interested in environmental science problems and issues, with a focus on issues within the physical sciences (as opposed to focusing on biological sciences). The major specializes primarily on the following areas:", "The following concentrations are specializations for the computer engineering student. Students must complete all of the courses listed within their selected concentration. The five concentration differ by only 5 specialized courses; the remaining courses are the same.", "undefined on term Introduction", "The interdisciplinary major in Spanish studies is designed to offer students advanced linguistic proficiency in Spanish as well as a broad understanding of the historical and cultural developments of the Spanish-speaking world.", "Classical studies at UC Santa Cruz&nbsp;combines features of traditional programs, such as solid grounding in the ancient languages, with innovative, interdisciplinary approaches. While the core of the program is focused on courses in the ancient Greek and Latin languages, the program also encompasses courses in history, the history of art and visual culture, literature, philosophy, politics, and theater arts, from the Bronze Age through the Early Christian era. Recent offerings have included everything from introductory surveys in classical mythology and Greek and Roman history, to advanced courses in women and gender in Ancient Egypt and modern ancient drama. Students are encouraged to study the literary and material artifacts of Greece and Rome within the larger context of ancient Mediterranean and Near Eastern cultures.", "The Music Department supports an unusually diverse curriculum for a department of its size. By a choice of concentrations within the bachelor of arts (B.A.) degree, the student can emphasize different aspects of music. The &ldquo;Contemporary Practices&rdquo;&nbsp; &ldquo;Global Musics&rdquo; concentrations offer a variety of modules (groupings of courses with various focuses) that students will be required to select from in addition to core requirements designed specifically for each concentration.&nbsp;All students pursuing the B.A. degree must select one of the three concentrations.&nbsp;", "undefined on term Introduction", "Linguistics is an exact and structured discipline that examines human language. It has connections to many other fields in the humanities (philosophy, literature), the social sciences (anthropology, psychology, sociology), the natural sciences (biology, neuroscience, acoustics), computer science, computer engineering, and artificial intelligence.", "undefined on term Introduction"]